# Stanisław Horna

{.profile-img}

Site Reliability Engineer
| [stanislawhorna@outlook.com](mailto:stanislawhorna@outlook.com)
| [StanislawHorna GitHub](https://github.com/StanislawHorna)
| [linkedin.com/in/stanislawhorna](https://linkedin.com/in/stanislawhorna/)


## About me

Site Reliability Engineer with 5+ years of experience in IT industry.
I really enjoy creating an application that solves problems I am struggling with,
so every project I build has its purpose.

## Work Experience

### Site Reliability Engineer, NordSecurity

_July 2025 - Present_

### Site Reliability Engineer, Relativity

_December 2023 - June 2025_

I am responsible for RelativityOne (e-discovery product) availability monitoring,
which is based on NewRelic Scripted Browser monitor running JavaScript Selenium test
to verify whether core product functionalities are available for end users.

I specialize in designing, developing, and maintaining automated releases and deployment processes
using custom-built GitHub Actions workflows.
My role involves ensuring seamless and efficient deployment processes across all cloud-hosted tenants.
I work with both Python and PowerShell scripts
to programmatically perform operations needed to achieve the goal.
As a result I have implemented Selenium test versioning and the ability to easily upgrade or rollback our availability test on production instances.

### Operations Specialist, Bosch

_August 2023 - November 2023_

I am developing PowerShell automation scripts which are triggered on monitoring host
via Windows Task Scheduler to cover repetitive daily tasks.
Usually automation scripts are integrated with SPLUNK alerting system
to process data generated by PowerShell and notify operations team
about captured issues or coming manual duties.

### Technical Engineer, Atos

_July 2021 - July 2023_

I am designing and building automations for as many repetitive tasks as possible using PowerShell scripting.
To be able to achieve the goal I have developed many PowerShell modules related to necessary data transformations,
which are required in every report or dataset processed.
I take care of code speed execution, as well as the optimization of my device resource consumption.
Understanding of general concept of multithreading and multiprocessing accordingly with PowerShell available techniques
allowed me to speed up operations done within the script and make a better use of computer resources.
As a result I capable of delivering very complex reports everyday,
on customer’s order, where combining data from different tools is required.

### IT Network Administrator, Freelance

_June 2019 - June 2021_

I design, build and modernize complete IT infrastructure.
I am responsible for both software and hardware in environments up to 50 users.

During my daily work I cover following areas:

- Network physical and logical topology design, configuration and management -
  Cisco hardware as well as virtualized solutions like pfSense routing software
- Active Directory domains design, configuration and management
- Storage and backup solutions design, configuration and management
- Virtualization solutions design, configuration and management mainly based on Microsoft Hyper-V
- Device monitoring and remote access design, configuration and management

## Education

### Engineer's degree, Information Technology - Software engineering

_Lodz University of Technology_  
_2021 - 2025_

- 2024/2025 - Scholarship from the Rector of the Lodz University of Technology
- 2023/2024 - Scholarship from the Rector of the Lodz University of Technology

## Languages

- English: Fluent
- Polish: Native
